Browser console logs (#3092)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app.adoc

xhr.send();` and save result to scenario variable `response`
Then `${response}` matcher `.+`
----

=== Browser logs steps

> This set of steps allows you to validate the https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console[browser's console logging messages].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of steps allows to validate the https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console[browser console logging messages].
```

> :log-levels: List of the comma-separated mesagges' levels. The supported levels are: ERRORS, WARNINGS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:log-levels: List of the comma-separated messages levels. The supported levels are: ERRORS, WARNINGS.
```

==== Validate log entries absence

> Step validates the absence of log entries of desired level in the browser's console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates the absence of log entries of the desired level in the browser console.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
Then there are no browser console $logLevels
----
* `$logLevels` - {log-levels}

.Validate absence of JS errors
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on a page with the URL 'https://vividus-test-site.herokuapp.com/'
Then there are no browser console ERRORS
----

==== Validate specific log entries absence

> Step validates absence of specific log entries of desired level in the browser's console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates the absence of specific log entries of the desired level in the browser console.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
Then there are no browser console $logLevels by regex '$pattern'
----
* `$logLevels` - {log-levels}

> * `$pattern` - The pattern to match log entry message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$pattern` - The regular expression to match log entry messages.
```

.Validate absence of JS error referencing user
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on a page with the URL 'https://vividus-test-site.herokuapp.com/'
Then there are no browser console ERRORS by regex '.*user.*'
----

==== Validate specific log entries presence

> Step validates the presence of specific log entries of desired level in the browser's console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates the presence of specific log entries of the desired level in the browser console.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
Then there are browser console $logLevels by regex '$pattern'
----
* `$logLevels` - {log-levels}

> * `$pattern` - The pattern to match log entry message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$pattern` - The regular expression to match log entry messages.
```
